V1.4 dg ug adjustments (#212)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* View price chart of properties: `stat property`
* View price chart of buyers: `stat buyer`

Visual Example:

> The below is the output from the command `stat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below image shows a sample output from the command `stat`.
```

![stat example](images/StatUi.png)

> Since neither property nor buyer list is empty, you should see histograms of both properties and buyers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since neither the property nor buyer list is empty, you should see the combined chart of both properties and buyers.
```

> The price chart shows the number of properties and buyers for each price range.

Reviewer: Unlike the other commands, this image does not actually follow from our samples, also it is quite hard to read the chart.
Maybe it is better to have a screenshot of just the chart. Not sure if this is a problem worth fixing
